[Applause]
for the Timberwolves and Jamal Crawford
of the LA Clippers now you guys are good
friends right okay very close very club
very close so we decided to Orly flowing
on this is friendship Zach asked Jamal
to appear in a PSA for his charity which
benefits underprivileged qlp said yeah
what is the name of this charity that
well of course you didn't know the name
of charity but the name of the charity
is Jojo about hoverboard children
without hopper enough of abortion so my
cousin Sal set up a fake shoot with a
fake director played by Tom Lennon
for a fake charity called children
without hoverboards Jamal had no idea
what he's walking into just showed up
what he thought was a good cause which
it turns out was not good at all at all
[Music]
cousin Sal here with NBA great Zach
Lavine was about to play a horrible
prank on his friend Jamal Crawford not
to get asked and only perfect only
perfect God let's go Tom Lennon helping
us out
Oh what God's got God everybody's
supposed to be in leads hang on oh come
on guys
oh the hospital shoot ya guys after this
please if you come out on the psych
please put the booties on everybody sees
what I'm doing right and knows that I
don't want to do this again okay cool
and action Jafar Jamal I'm sorry
hi I'm Mel a Clippers shooting guard
Jamal Crawford every 30 seconds in this
country a child goes without a
hoverboard with the richest nation on
earth and this shouldn't happen
doesn't everyone agrees I know Martha
knows fantastic could you just turn in
and as if you didn't know the camera was
Errol oh yeah yeah like it's not like
you're not on a soundstage you're just
like in a real place okay I don't know
how much time I have so they're on the
idea options so just turn crazy fast all
right okay and I can do all
I'm delicate the city guards well calm
down yeah and I can't I'll do it'll be a
wife later yeah but it'll just be like
June just come out to be like you know
like okay you get any lower
yep your mom that's perfect that's
perfect perfect that's perfect
it's slow as you can come up and in
ready actually I'm Ellie's Clippers
shooting guard Jamal coq10 has been ten
times that sweet over eight times all
right
times of all proper shooting guard LA
Clippers every 30 seconds cut your child
goes well so how's work
there's so much that has to discover
when you hover it's however if ik that's
right you do just me like I'm homes
control just do it like play 20 of its
ever yet but make them different like
each other and then is we call this wild
hover if --ax and we're going to do 20
okay Jaffar mall sorry so terrific it's
over if ik its harbor if ik it's a
terrific it's happier if ik it's hectic
I'm just looking at the cue card it says
Homer if ik on the cue card but is it
are we sure that it's not it's horrific
the situation let's get both let's get
both its hover if except or excited and
then it's for rific look like super down
vehicle sorry so Jon spin spin like it
all the way around with the full 360 and
then it's a roof alright so two spades
right all right
it's our epic terrific it's really super
totally run as long see the kids in
Wisconsin I just want that like you get
that a little bit water inside gallery
more so do you mind if I assist a little
bit and so forth can I get some those
alpha then right before on our trip you
mention always blow it's the webbing you
should do it is really good ready
really good oh my god it's great go go
now right up it's hover roofing it's
horrific
I don't know anymore problem
yeah I'm trying good cover it it's
forward that we can bring it the kids
mask I would love to get we get the
kitchen please and kids spinning back
Saturday 110 Jamal can you turn to just
in case we just started in just yes over
there who this possible
and clockwise counterclockwise me too no
oh just be there you you're one of the
kids don't get mad like you'll get
annoying guys Oh guys I'm sorry sorry
I'm sorry
come on sorry no no as long as the kids
are is everybody doing
that's why we're here the kids so long
they are Jamal are you dizzy a little
bit your entities they are so wherever
they need to be alright
okay will do I'll tell you what what was
going on them and everybody had a lie
down if they have to go get ready and
Vince Vince Vince
well I'll spin
there's probably music playing here so
also everybody show that you there's
like some music in your body a little
bit you know what I mean
they were exactly good starting in noise
I came in that harness and I'll come out
put the stunt team yeah we're gonna get
you on the break the other what we're
going to get you this river
one less shot no I'm not this part of my
contract
this is so you do it so that's where
it's you say no I think I get in trouble
with it no we're going in the air I've
tried to be a good sport with everything
I've done I'm so I can't do that though
if I do it will you do it I just want to
see you do it I can't shake on that
because they're like I want to let my
word that's what you do it it's so safe
and easy right watch it we're gonna pick
up anyone great
he's do it all type of guy if you see
one of the kids differently be less
afraid if one of the kids did it would
you be less embarrassing my contract I
can't do that because you're scared or
because of your name what you want but
in my contract I can't do it
I can jet ski is a bunch of things I
can't do that on your jet ski
that's ridiculous just these are
incredibly dangerous yes do you want
you'll be in and out of the whole entire
thing in 90 seconds I'm on board mark on
track I can't do that
what the hell are you doing what are
these kids man you didn't know about
this what are you doing we're doing
hoverboards hoverboard way up aboard
kids who don't have other boards but
that when they've had me put tears in my
eyes like I'll go easy just including
but like well I thought into the TSA
circadian there's no I kept says about
the kid right here on to puppies like
man what the hell are you doing I'm
trying to get them in the right we're
gonna do the world scrub how do you
doing good
are you doing so wrong choose wrong
shoot I just got sense of this edge
beside you got here from traffic
yeah they got no I meant like thing I do
I got you know they got like Jimmy
Kimmel watching it like what the hell's
going on
[Applause]
supposed to go after all because that
like why he's mean to the kids but I'm
gonna keep my money he says she's
nothing else these kids
you're a very good book you are a very
very trusting and patient man I commend
you for that probably to trust and
probably to president will there be
retaliation of any kind against Zach if
it is you'll never know I'm not you
[Laughter]
something happens just know you deserved
it okay yeah well thank you both very
much thanks for watching if you liked
that subscribe to our youtube channel
for all the latest videos and it did it
subscribe anyway it's free who cares